if I could change one thing at my job I think that would be the the acquisition
process so a lot of times you know you'll identify a shortfall
or a need for a resource and because the certain things that are
put in place right now some of the bureaucratic red tape that you
have to go through in order to get that resource the time you've identified
it that's usually the time that you actually need it but then
when you requested it could take weeks months maybe even a year more
into you finally actually see it and by then it's too late I needed
that thing a year ago so you know I think you as the navy continues
to move forward they are looking at ways to streamline the acquisition
process and get equipment and resources into the end users hands
a lot faster but it can be frustrating right now when you need that
piece of gear that equipment today and the soonest that you're gonna
see is probably gonna be months from now